I am a student studying in the city of Mangalore, in the Indian state of Karnataka and I am in the 3rd year of my BSc pursuing a triple minors in Statistics, computer science and mathematics.
I am from a relatively middle class family in India and combined with the fact that my only
parent, my father is invalid due to the fact that he has to undergo dialysis in a local government hospital every alternate day. His pension covers for food and basic daily necessities.
My brother works in Bangalore and has difficulty saving money acquired from his job due to the high living expenses which he is saving for any unexpected need that might arise and as a student I have no source of income.
This money that could be saved, would be put into other living expenses.
I would be immensely grateful for being aided financially to complete this course and have it being stated in my resume.



My career goal is to be competent and useful in the field of computer science and it's
applications and to achieve financial stability for my family.
I would like to inspire my peers to do the same and tell them that acquiring fundamental
knowledge of computer science is free of cost and accessible.
I love computer science and have been reading books on compilers and automata theory from my local library.
The mathematical aspects of computation and machine learning aren't covered in the syllabus of my college.
This course will allow me to state in my resume that I've diligently worked for acquiring
knowledge in the domain of computer science and would help me in applying it in my future projects that I might choose to work on in the field of computer science or its application.
I would be grateful for being aided financially and having a certification stating that I've worked on this course.



My education is bound to continue for at least 3 more years and my brother's figuring out
budgeting and saving issues of living in Bangalore, It would be more beneficial for me to be
provided with this course for free, my saved money could be put into acquiring daily necessities such as food and paying other living expenses.
